(cheerful music)
The last video,
we looked at how to actually create
the pages for the pagination that we need.
In this video we are going
to modify our query,
to actually only show us two or four per page.
Right now we've got it, to set to two,
people per page.
So, let's go into our slicemasters.JS,
and let's modify this query here to accept some variables.
So, remember that any context
that gets passed via create page
is automatically available inside of your GraphQL query,
as long as you specify it
when you're writing your query.
So we'll go into our query here,
we're expecting a skip variable to be passed.
And that will be an integer that is required,
and set to zero by default.
Actually, I don't think that's required then,
because if we go to Slice Masters.
Then it's not going to be passed.
Because if we're not on any page at all,
We might come back to that, we'll see.
And then we also need the,
page size variable.
And that is going to be an integer,
that is set to four by default.
And that little backup there is just in case,
just in case it gets passed undefined
or something like that.
It's nice to have a little default.
So, what this does is it sets up our query
to accept variables.
Then we can go ahead,
and use those variables
and pass them to,
our GraphQL query.
If we go to our GraphQL API,
let's take a look underscore,
GraphQL, here we go.
If we have our all sanity person,
you'll see that there are some functions here we can use.
We can filter them, we can limit them,
we can skip them,
and we can sort them.
So in our case, we want to,
if we wanna limit them,
now maybe limit them to two.
If you run that,
it just brings us back.
Oh, I forgot to.
Give me their name.
It just gives us two people, right?
So we get August and Slick,
but then also we have skip.
If you wanna skip to,
we're still going to get two,
but it's gonna give us
the third and fourth Louise and Roscoe,
cause those are the third and fourth.
And it still tells us
they're 10 in total.
But, we now see the skip values.
So that's limit and skip,
And we're gonna pass those values our variable.
So filter no,
not filter,
limit
to
a page size
and skip
is gonna be,
our skip
variable.
All right.
So, give that a save.
Now we go here,
hey, look at this.
So we're on page four.
We see Waldo and Fia.
If you go to
page two,
you'll see Louise and Roscoe.
If you go to page one,
you see August and Slick.
And then also if we just go
to straight Slice Masters.
Oh, we see four there.
How come?
Oh, I see.
That's because we have defaulted it to four here.
So maybe change that to two,
here we go.
August, Slick.
Okay, so that was really easy, right?
Now, let's actually get some,
links up and running so that
we can do next and previous.
And we'll do that in the next video.